<div>

::: section
<div>

<div>

</div>

<div>

<div>

# Overview

**Developer portal **

The ServiceTitan developer portal is a one-stop solution for developers
looking to use and integrate with our APIs. Use our portal to discover
and get inspired by the catalog of APIs we offer, or read our
comprehensive documentation to build your connection to our API
services. Our developer portal is set up to address specific needs as
you build.

[Docs tab]{.underline}: Explore this tab to get familiar with all the
required details from Getting started to, Creating Users, Creating
Application key, Client ID & Secret etc. This section also gives you
orientation to our resources which are fundamental to our APIs. The
resources in this tab are periodically updated with the most current
information. 

[API Reference tab]{.underline}: Gives you a breakdown of all the APIs
in our catalog. You can view all of the endpoints and learn our API
structure and parameters to get started right away. 

[Request Access tab]{.underline}: Lets you request for integration
environment instance access. You need to be established as a registered
user in a ServiceTitan instance in the integration environment or
production environment by your ServiceTitan admin with your
organization. After you become a user, you can \'Login to My apps\' tab.

[Login to My Apps tab:]{.underline} Once you login you can manage your
existing apps, add new apps, choose the API scopes, tenant IDs to whom
you want to make your app visible to, generate an app key.

**Environments**

[Integration environment:]{.underline} All developers and ServiceTitan
customers will get access to one instance of the Integration environment
for performing development and pre-production activities. Customers can
import production data and refresh it periodically. developers will have
standard demo data to get started.

[Production environment:]{.underline} Only ServiceTitan customers will
have access to the production environment. Your production environment
will have your current data. Once you are satisfied with your
development and pre-production activities in the integration
environment, you can switch to production and go live.

\
**Making an API call**

To make a successful API call your app needs to possess: 

-   A Client ID & Secret Key granted for the application. 

-   An Application key (a.k.a App key) generated for the application. 

-   A Tenant ID whose resources your app will access. 

A successful API call is a two step process. 

1.  Your application calls ServiceTitan OAuth 2.0 token endpoint and
    passes Client ID & Secret Key. If the validation is successful, you
    will get an access token. 

2.  Your application calls the Resource API endpoint and passes the
    access token along with the application key. If the validation is
    successful, then your GET/PUT/POST/DELETE operation will be
    successful. Note: The access token must be cached and reused during
    its lifetime of 15-minutes, there is no need to call the token
    endpoint before each API call.

Application key gets generated after a developer creates an app through
the My Apps section in the portal. Application keys generated through an
Integration environment login works in production and vice versa.

Client ID & Secret are generated by a ServiceTitan admin (resource
owner) within your organization through your organization\'s instance of
the ServiceTitan App and shared with the app developer securely. Client
ID and the Secret Key are environment specific. Your ServiceTitan admin
has to generate the Client ID and Secret Key separately in the
Integration and production environments.

 

\

</div>

</div>

</div>
:::

</div>
