<div>

::: section
<div>

<div>

</div>

<div>

<div>

# Environments

**What is the new integration environment?**

The integration environment is a new offering and it is the equivalent
of the sandbox environment. We recommend you perform your development
and pre-production testing activities in this environment first and then
move to production (Go-Live). 

**Who will have access to the integration environment and how do I
request for access?**

All developers and ServiceTitan customers will get access to one
instance of the integration environment for performing your development
and pre-production testing activities. To request access please visit
the Request Access tab.

If you represent a ServiceTitan customer's organization and want to
request access, please have your ServiceTitan admin send an email to
integrations@servicetitan.com.

If you represent an existing or potential developer organization
(including 3rd party app developers, integration developers, technology
developers) please fill up the form on the Request Access tab and one of
our team members will get in touch. \
 

**In my organization we have 10 developers (users). Can each one get
their own instance of the integration env?**

No. Currently we offer one instance per customer and expect all the
users to share an integration environment. You can create as many users
as you want. If you have a special scenario please contact us and we
will evaluate.  

**When are V2 APIs launching in production? When can I Go Live?**

V2 APIs will be released in two phases during Q4. The first release will
consist of 80% of the APIs and will be released by the mid Nov 2021. The
second release will have the remaining APIs and will be released by the
end of Dec 2021. We will notify you when the release happens.

**Will I have access to both the integration and production
environments?**

As a ServiceTitan customer you will have access to both the integration
and production environment. Developers have access to the integration
environment only. 

**What is the integration environment data policy?**

As a ServiceTitan customer you have the option to have a copy of your
production data moved into your integration environment and request to
have it refreshed periodically or just choose to have standard demo
data. Please email integrations@servicetitan.com for these requests.

ServiceTitan developers will have the standard demo data option only. 

\

</div>

</div>

</div>
:::

</div>
