<div>

::: section
<div>

<div>

</div>

<div>

<div>

# Manage client ID & secret

**Client ID & Secret key management**

Client IDs and Secrets Keys must be generated by a ServiceTitan admin
within your organization and shared with you. Client IDs and Secret Keys
are not shared between the integration and production environments. They
are unique to a specific application in a specific environment.
Therefore, Client IDs and Secret Keys should be generated separately to
access the integration and production environments, as these are
different tenant instances.

** ** [ServiceTitan customer:]{.underline} As a ServiceTitan customer,
your organization will have access to a Client ID and Secret Key for
both the integration and production environments. 

[ServiceTitan developer:]{.underline} If you are a ServiceTitan
developer, you will only have access to a Client ID and Secret Key for
the integration environment. You can use the Integration environment to
test your app. If you are marketing your app to a ServiceTitan customer,
you should obtain the Client ID and Secret Key from the customer who
wants to use your app.

**Below are the steps to Generate a Client ID and Secret Key**

1.  User with admin permissions should log into the ServiceTitan UI
    either in integration or production environment. Note: Client ID &
    Secret Key are specific to the environment in which they are
    generated and should be used accordingly.

2.  In the left hand menu, click Integrations\>API Application Access.
    The Manage API Application Access screen opens. 

3.  Click Connect New App. If you have existing apps you will see them
    listed here.

    Note:If you don\'t see the app you want to connect to ask the
    developer of the app to add your tenant ID through the developer
    portal.

4.  Choose the app you would like to connect to. 

5.  The API scopes open (how the app wants to interact with your
    resources and data). You may choose to Allow or Decline access.

6.  If you allow access, your Client ID & Secret Key will be generated.
    Share the Client ID & Secret Key along with your Tenant ID to the
    app developer in a secure way. App developers will embed the Client
    ID & Secret Key into the app.

    Note: Enabling a Client ID and  Secret Key and sharing it with an
    app developer means, you as the admin (resource owner) are granting
    access to the app to operate on your resources (data).

    Note: If you have multiple tenants, say X no of tenants, then you
    need to obtain X tenant specific Client ID & Secret pairs.

    **Disabling Client ID & Secret **

    If you have previously enabled a Client ID & Secret Key and for some
    reason you want to disable it, you can. By disabling, you are
    pausing the previously granted access to the developer. In this
    state, the app cannot access your resources. You will still have the
    ability to restore access. 

    [To Disable the Client ID & Secret Key]{.underline}

    1.  From Manage API Application Access, select the app from the list
        of apps that you want to disable. 

    2.  Click Disable\>Confirm and Continue. 

    \

</div>

</div>

</div>
:::

</div>
