<div>

::: section
<div>

<div>

</div>

<div>

<div>

# Get going

**If you need to login to the My Apps section of the developer portal to
add new and manage apps, or generate an application key you need to be a
user of your organization's integration or production environment.**

[ServiceTitan customers:]{.underline} As a ServiceTitan customer, your
organization can access both integration environment and production
environments. Your organization will have production environment access
by default. 

You can request integration environment access by having your
ServiceTitan admin send an email to integrations@servicetitan.com. The
ServiceTitan team will follow some authentication steps and respond back
with your integration environment details. You will have the latest copy
of your production data copied into your integration environment. You
can periodically request for an integration environment data refresh by
sending an email to integrations@servicetitan.com. One instance of
integration environment will be provided to your organization. You can
create as many users as you want within that instance.

[ServiceTitan developers:]{.underline} As a ServiceTitan developer you
can only have access to the integration environment. Please visit
\<Request Access tab\> and fill out the form. Our team will verify your
information, contact you if required and respond back with your
integration environment details and credentials. You will have standard
sample demo data to get started. One instance of integration environment
will be provided to your organization. You can create as many users as
you want within that instance.

\
\

</div>

</div>

</div>
:::

</div>
